hello guys and girls welcome once
more to the dotcom race today I want you
upload a video that will be a challenge to
all those people who bite
the nails or that I leave them love of use
that they are the gnawed have stopped
bite and have biting again are the
come on, this is a challenge to put to the test
our will and I say our will
because I stop biting them, it makes them like
four years and I do not have any nails
I took bitten whole I do not have anything not
I put them on because I do not have nails
I know how to do it then I thought that
the best way is to upload a video and
give us a few guidelines for all
that you bite your nails we're going to
get them girls girls and boys if
you want because a hand without a finger
with repels that I say the hairs
those hairs in an ugly hand is not
nice not even male or female is not
nothing is orc and as we do not want hands
from orc we go to
put this roll and it's let's stop
see the two nails I 'm going to do
I
Today I show you my disgusting nails
they are terrible and I am ashamed but
which is that it is the only way if it gives me
of income to teach it as well to stop
bite me and then today I teach you
these ugly bow hand nails and what
I will do is every day and today is
say if I upload this video as a Tuesday
scale tuesday I'll put in instagram or in
my website better
instagram I do not know unpleasant either
girls I'm going to put a picture with my nails
to see how evolution is going we can
you can do the same thing in that
same post you can comment and leave
upload them to your facebook and
mention me or send me a photo and if
you want to put it in that same post but
let's go from today that you have recorded the video
and take some untamed give me the
nails or trying what guidelines I'm going to
continue not to bite your nails
well the most important thing what I
it worked the previous time it's not even
put me hindiya or put me garlic or
put me nothing at all because I do not care
same I bite it the same as the most important
everything is
mimic or be aware forgiveness be
aware of any movement that
I mean, I bite my nails
reading I'm nervous I'm calm
I do not care, there's no excuse
I carry it in me in my my cerebellum and
I have it then I put my hand to
my mouth and I bite then this is what
I will try to direct that is when
I see that I'm going to put my hand to the
mouth to bite tate I take it off when
I see that I'm going to scratch myself because I do not
I remove because I scratch the red one and it's
but I want to be aware that
I scratch the deck is easy is
just be aware of what
I'm going to do
and then why do not I do it because I
sometimes it goes very under pressure then if
You do not see me , it's nails kaka
Orc hands , I do not do it then
nothing I know it's a very slick video but
I know that many of you chew
You want to paint them nails and I'm going to
help let's go we start today
do not bite them and in a
week will show you rick and sad photo
that trick see you in the next video
taboo